Evolutionary relationships of taxa 
The evolutionary history was inferred using the Neighbor-Joining method [1]. The optimal tree with the sum of branch length = 3.20609327 is shown. The percentage of replicate trees in which the associated taxa clustered together in the bootstrap test (500 replicates) are shown next to the branches [2]. The tree is drawn to scale, with branch lengths in the same units as those of the evolutionary distances used to infer the phylogenetic tree. The evolutionary distances were computed using the Poisson correction method [3] and are in the units of the number of amino acid substitutions per site. This analysis involved 10 amino acid sequences. All positions containing gaps and missing data were eliminated (complete deletion option). There were a total of 150 positions in the final dataset. Evolutionary analyses were conducted in MEGA X [4]


1. Saitou N. and Nei M. (1987). The neighbor-joining method: A new method for reconstructing phylogenetic trees. Molecular Biology and Evolution 4:406-425.
2. Felsenstein J. (1985). Confidence limits on phylogenies: An approach using the bootstrap. Evolution 39:783-791.
3. Zuckerkandl E. and Pauling L. (1965). Evolutionary divergence and convergence in proteins. Edited in Evolving Genes and Proteins by V. Bryson and H.J. Vogel, pp. 97-166. Academic Press, New York.
4. Kumar S., Stecher G., Li M., Knyaz C., and Tamura K. (2018). MEGA X: Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis across computing platforms. Molecular Biology and Evolution 35:1547-1549.
Disclaimer: Although utmost care has been taken to ensure the correctness of the caption, the caption text is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. Authors advise the user to carefully check the caption prior to its use for any purpose and report any errors or problems to the authors immediately (www.megasoftware.net). In no event shall the authors and their employers be liable for any damages, including but not limited to special, consequential, or other damages. Authors specifically disclaim all other warranties expressed or implied, including but not limited to the determination of suitability of this caption text for a specific purpose, use, or application.
